docs: add quick start for oras-go (#939)
oras-project/oras-go: docs/tutorial/quickstart.md

# Tutorial: Get started with oras-go v2

This tutorial introduces the basics of managing OCI artifacts with the [oras-go v2](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2) package.

You'll get the most out of this tutorial if you have a basic familiarity with Go and its tooling. If this is your first exposure to Go, please see [Tutorial: Get started with Go](https://golang.org/doc/tutorial/getting-started) for a quick introduction.

The tutorial includes the following sections:

1. Connect to a remote repository.

> 2. Show tags in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Show tags in a repository.
```

Author: I think "the" is more appropriate in the context? It's showing the tags in THE repository of the first section.

3. Push a layer to the repository.
4. Push a manifest to the repository.
5. Fetch the manifest from the repository.
6. Copy the artifact from the repository.

The complete code is provided at the end of this tutorial.

> ## Connect to a remote repository with basic authentication

Reviewer: Let's have a section beforehand that illustrates how to import the package

Author: added

# Tutorial: Get started with oras-go v2

This tutorial introduces the basics of managing OCI artifacts with the [oras-go v2](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2) package.

You'll get the most out of this tutorial if you have a basic familiarity with Go and its tooling. If this is your first exposure to Go, please see [Tutorial: Get started with Go](https://golang.org/doc/tutorial/getting-started) for a quick introduction.

The tutorial includes the following sections:

> 1. Connect to a remote repository.

Reviewer 2: +1. Just like a prerequisite section?

> 1. Connect to a remote repository.

Author: Need to add more go basic like in the Gin tutorial.

> 1. Connect to a remote repository.

Reviewer: agree with all of the above. Would be good if we can lay out the end to end steps that a developer would ned to execute. 

Such as 

```shell
go mod init oras.land/oras-go-quickstart
go get oras.land/oras-go/v2
```

```
ctx := context.Background()
registry := "myregistry.example.io"
repository := "myrepo"
repo, err := remote.NewRepository(fmt.Sprintf("%s/%s", registry, repository))
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
// Note: The below code can be omitted if authentication is not required.
repo.Client = &auth.Client{
	Client: retry.DefaultClient,
	Cache:  auth.NewCache(),
	Credential: auth.StaticCredential(registry, auth.Credential{
		Username: "username",
		Password: "password",
	}),
}
```

## Show tags in the repository
The following code snippet uses the [(*Repository) Tags](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.Tags) method from the [remote](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote) package to list the tags in the repository.

```
err = repo.Tags(ctx, "", func(tags []string) error {
	for _, tag := range tags {
		fmt.Println(tag)
	}
	return nil
})
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
```

## Push layers to the repository

> Before pushing a manifest, the layers it references must already exist in the repository. The following code snippet demonstrates how to push a config layer and a manifest layer using the [(*Repository) Push](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.Push) method.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All referenced layers must exist in the repository before a manifest can be pushed. The following code snippet demonstrates how to push a config layer and a manifest layer using the [(*Repository) Push](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.Push) method.
```

```
// push config layer
configLayer := []byte("example config layer")

> configLayerDescriptor := content.NewDescriptorFromBytes(ocispec.MediaTypeImageLayer, configLayer)

Reviewer 3: nit: How about using `ocispec.MediaTypeImageConfig` as the config media type?

Author: changed

Author: Removed this part after using `Pack`.

err = repo.Push(ctx, configLayerDescriptor, bytes.NewReader(configLayer))
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
fmt.Println("Pushed config layer")

// push manifest layer
manifestLayer := []byte("example manifest layer")
manifestLayerDescriptor := content.NewDescriptorFromBytes(ocispec.MediaTypeImageLayer, manifestLayer)
err = repo.Push(ctx, manifestLayerDescriptor, bytes.NewReader(manifestLayer))
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
fmt.Println("Pushed manifest layer")
```

## Push a manifest to the repository with the tag "quickstart"

The following code snippet demonstrates how to assemble a manifest and push it to the repository with the tag "quickstart" using the [(*Repository) PushReference](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.PushReference) method.

```
tag := "quickstart"
manifest := ocispec.Manifest{
	Versioned: specs.Versioned{
		SchemaVersion: 2, // historical value. does not pertain to OCI or docker version
	},
	MediaType: ocispec.MediaTypeImageManifest,
	Config:    content.NewDescriptorFromBytes(ocispec.MediaTypeImageConfig, configLayer),

> 	Layers:    []ocispec.Descriptor{manifestLayerDescriptor},

Reviewer 3: Wondering if it would be clearer to combine the "push layer" and "fetch layer" sections into a "push artifact" section

Author: Do you mean "push layer" and "push manifest"?

Author: I think it's better to separate "push layer" and "push manifest", as we need to give extra explanation about each operation.

}
manifestContent, err := json.Marshal(manifest)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}

> manifestDescriptor := content.NewDescriptorFromBytes(ocispec.MediaTypeImageManifest, manifestContent)

Reviewer 3: Should we use `PackManifest` instead?

Author: Done

err = repo.PushReference(ctx, manifestDescriptor, bytes.NewReader(manifestContent), tag)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
fmt.Println("Pushed manifest")
```

## Fetch the manifest from the repository by tag

The following code snippet demonstrates how to fetch a manifest from the repository by its tag. First, the descriptor associated with the tag is resolved using [(*Repository) Resolve](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.Resolve). Then, the content is fetched using [(*Repository) Fetch](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.Fetch). Finally, the content is read using [ReadAll](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/content#ReadAll) from the [content](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/content) package.

```
desc, err := repo.Resolve(ctx, tag)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
rc, err := repo.Fetch(ctx, desc)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
defer rc.Close() // don't forget to close
fetchedManifestContent, err := content.ReadAll(rc, desc)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}

> fmt.Println(string(fetchedManifestContent))

Reviewer 3: Might be helpful to demonstrate how to parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers from it

Author: added a section about this.

```

## Pull the manifest to local OCI layout directory from the repository

> The following code snippet demonstrates how to pull a manifest from the repository by its tag and save it to the current directory in the [OCI layout](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/image-layout.md) format. The pull operation is performed using the [Copy](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2#Copy) function.

Reviewer 3: nit: how about:
"...how to copy an artifact from the repository..."

As we not only copy the manifest itself but the whole artifact

Author: changed

```
ociDir, err := os.MkdirTemp(".", "oras_oci_example_*")
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
ociTarget, err := oci.New(ociDir)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
desc, err = oras.Copy(ctx, repo, tag, ociTarget, "quickstartOCI", oras.DefaultCopyOptions)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
fmt.Println(desc.Digest)
```

## Conclusion

Congratulations! You’ve completed this tutorial.

Suggested next steps:
* Check out more [examples](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2#pkg-overview) in the documentation.
* Learn about how `oras-go` v2 [models artifacts](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-go/blob/main/docs/Modeling-Artifacts.md).
* Learn about [Targets and Content Stores](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-go/blob/main/docs/Targets.md) in `oras-go` v2.

> ## Completed Code

Reviewer 3: This part is very nice! 😀

The tutorial includes the following sections:

1. Create a folder for your code.
2. Connect to a remote repository.
3. Show tags in the repository.
4. Push a layer to the repository.
5. Push a manifest to the repository.
6. Fetch the manifest from the repository.
7. Parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers.
8. Copy the artifact from the repository.

The complete code is provided at the end of this tutorial.

## Create a folder for your code

Open a command prompt and cd to your working directory.

Create a directory for your code.
```shell
mkdir oras-go-v2-quickstart
cd oras-go-v2-quickstart
```
Create a module in which you can manage dependencies.

```shell
go mod init quickstart/oras-go-v2
go: creating new go.mod: quickstart/oras-go-v2
```

Import the `oras-go v2` package.
```shell
go get oras.land/oras-go/v2
go: added github.com/opencontainers/go-digest v1.0.0
go: added github.com/opencontainers/image-spec v1.1.0
go: added golang.org/x/sync v0.6.0
go: added oras.land/oras-go/v2 v2.5.0
```

In your text editor, create a file `main.go` in which to write your code.

## Connect to a remote repository with basic authentication

> Paste the following into `main.go` and save the file. This code demonstrates how to use [NewRepository](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry/remote#NewRepository) from the [registry/remote](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry/remote) package to connect to a remote repository. Basic authentication (using a username and password) is handled by the [registry/remote/auth](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry/remote/auth) package. Other authentication methods, such as refresh token authentication, are also supported.

Author: will add this [link](https://distribution.github.io/distribution/spec/auth/token/)

```go
package main

import (
	"oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry/remote"
	"oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry/remote/auth"
	"oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry/remote/retry"
)

func main() {
	// 1. Connect to a remote repository with basic authentication
	ref := "example.registry.com/myrepo"
	repo, err := remote.NewRepository(ref)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	// Note: The below code can be omitted if authentication is not required.
	repo.Client = &auth.Client{
		Client: retry.DefaultClient,
		Cache:  auth.NewCache(),
		Credential: auth.StaticCredential(repo.Reference.Registry, auth.Credential{
			Username: "username",
			Password: "password",
		}),
	}
}
```

## Show tags in the repository
The following code snippet uses [Tags](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry#Tags) from the [registry](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry) package to list the tags in the repository. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```go
// 2. Show the tags in the repository
ctx := context.Background()

> tags, err := registry.Tags(ctx, repo)

Reviewer 4: `crane` seems have the same issue.

> tags, err := registry.Tags(ctx, repo)

Reviewer 4: The `registry.Tags()` itself is safe if the `repo` serves content within trust boundary like the memory store or OCI store but not really for `*remote.Repository` as it does not control the number of pages. We could enhance the security of `registry.Tags()` and related utility functions by having a page number limit.

> tags, err := registry.Tags(ctx, repo)

Author: Reverted back to `repo.Tags`

# Tutorial: Get started with oras-go v2

This tutorial introduces the basics of managing OCI artifacts with the [oras-go v2](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2) package.

You'll get the most out of this tutorial if you have a basic familiarity with Go and its tooling. If this is your first exposure to Go, please see [Tutorial: Get started with Go](https://golang.org/doc/tutorial/getting-started) for a quick introduction.

The tutorial includes the following sections:

1. Create a folder for your code.
2. Connect to a remote repository.
3. Show tags in the repository.
4. Push a layer to the repository.
5. Push a manifest to the repository.
6. Fetch the manifest from the repository.
7. Parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers.
8. Copy the artifact from the repository.

The complete code is provided at the end of this tutorial.

## Create a folder for your code

Open a command prompt and cd to your home directory.

> On Linux or Mac:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
On Linux or macOS:
```

Author: Replaced this part with "Open a command prompt and cd to your working directory."

```shell
cd
```
On Windows:

> ```shell

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```cmd
```

Author: removed this part and replaced with "Open a command prompt and cd to your working directory."

cd %HOMEPATH%

> ```

Reviewer 4: It does not work in powershell.

Create a directory for your code.
```shell
mkdir oras-go-v2-quickstart
cd oras-go-v2-quickstart
```
Create a module in which you can manage dependencies.

```shell
go mod init quickstart/oras-go-v2
go: creating new go.mod: quickstart/oras-go-v2
```

In your text editor, create a file `main.go` in which to write your code.

## Connect to a remote repository with basic authentication

> Paste the following into `main.go` and save the file. This code demonstrates how to use [NewRepository](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#NewRepository) from the [remote](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote) package to connect to a remote repository. Basic authentication (using a username and password) is handled by the [auth](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote/auth) package. Other authentication methods, such as refresh token authentication, are also supported.

Reviewer 4: For the latest godoc, you can remove `@v2.5.0` in the url.

Reviewer 4: same suggestion for the rest of the doc.

> Paste the following into `main.go` and save the file. This code demonstrates how to use [NewRepository](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#NewRepository) from the [remote](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote) package to connect to a remote repository. Basic authentication (using a username and password) is handled by the [auth](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote/auth) package. Other authentication methods, such as refresh token authentication, are also supported.

Reviewer 4: use the relative package path like `registry/remote` and `registry/remote/auth` instead of `remote` and `auth`.

Reviewer 4: same suggestion for the rest of the doc.

> ```

Reviewer 4: Code highlight with go
```suggestion
```go
```

package main

import (
	"fmt"

	"oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry/remote"
	"oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry/remote/auth"
	"oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry/remote/retry"
)

> func main() {
> 	// 1. Connect to a remote repository with basic authentication
> 	registry := "example.registry.com"
> 	repository := "myrepo"
> 	repo, err := remote.NewRepository(fmt.Sprintf("%s/%s", registry, repository))
> 	if err != nil {
> 		panic(err)
> 	}
> 	// Note: The below code can be omitted if authentication is not required.
> 	repo.Client = &auth.Client{
> 		Client: retry.DefaultClient,
> 		Cache:  auth.NewCache(),
> 		Credential: auth.StaticCredential(registry, auth.Credential{
> 			Username: "username",
> 			Password: "password",
> 		}),
> 	}
> }

Reviewer 4: There is a better way.

Consider
```suggestion
func main() {
	// 1. Connect to a remote repository with basic authentication
	ref := "example.registry.com/myrepo"
	repo, err := remote.NewRepository(ref)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	// Note: The below code can be omitted if authentication is not required.
	repo.Client = &auth.Client{
		Client: retry.DefaultClient,
		Cache:  auth.NewCache(),
		Credential: auth.StaticCredential(repo.Reference.Registry, auth.Credential{
			Username: "username",
			Password: "password",
		}),
	}
}
```

```

## Show tags in the repository
The following code snippet uses the [(*Repository) Tags](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.Tags) method from the [remote](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote) package to list the tags in the repository. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```
// 2. Show the tags in the repository
ctx := context.Background()
err = repo.Tags(ctx, "", func(tags []string) error {
	for _, tag := range tags {
		fmt.Println(tag)
	}
	return nil
})
if err != nil {
	panic(err)

> }

Reviewer 4: We have a way better utility for this. Consider [Tags](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry#Tags)

```

### Run the code

> At the command line, use [`go get`](https://golang.org/cmd/go/#hdr-Add_dependencies_to_current_module_and_install_them) to add the `oras.land/oras-go/v2` module as a dependency for your module. Use a dot argument to mean "get dependencies for code in the current directory."

Reviewer 4: Instead of `go get`, should you run `go mod tidy` instead as you do have `go.mod`?

Author: Change the workflow to "1. go mod init 2. go get oras.land/oras-go/v2 3. create main.go 4. go mod tidy 5. go run ."

```
go get .
go: added github.com/opencontainers/go-digest v1.0.0
go: added github.com/opencontainers/image-spec v1.1.0
go: added golang.org/x/sync v0.6.0
go: added oras.land/oras-go/v2 v2.5.0
```

Run the code.
```
go run .
```

You should see the tags in the repository.

## Push a layer to the repository

All referenced layers must exist in the repository before a manifest can be pushed. The following code snippet demonstrates how to push a manifest layer using the [(*Repository) Push](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.Push) method. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```
// 3. push a layer to the repository
layer := []byte("example manifest layer")
layerDescriptor := content.NewDescriptorFromBytes(v1.MediaTypeImageLayer, layer)
err = repo.Push(ctx, layerDescriptor, bytes.NewReader(layer))
if err != nil {
	panic(err)

> }

Reviewer 4: It's too complex. Consider [PushBytes](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2#PushBytes).

fmt.Println("Pushed manifest layer:", layerDescriptor.Digest)
```

## Push a manifest to the repository with the tag "quickstart"

The following code snippet demonstrates how to pack a manifest and push it to the repository with the tag "quickstart" using the [PackManifest](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0#PackManifest) and the [(*Repository) Tag](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.Tag) methods. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```
// 4. Push a manifest to the repository with the tag "quickstart"
packOpts := oras.PackManifestOptions{
	Layers: []v1.Descriptor{layerDescriptor},
}
artifactType := "application/vnd.example+type"
desc, err := oras.PackManifest(ctx, repo, oras.PackManifestVersion1_1, artifactType, packOpts)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
tag := "quickstart"
err = repo.Tag(ctx, desc, tag)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}

> fmt.Println("Pushed and tagged manifest")

Reviewer 4: @Wwwsylvia This operation is not efficient. It seems we missed a scenarios of packing manifest with manifest pushed with a tag.

Reviewer 3: I agree. Just opened an issue to track this: #947

```

## Fetch the manifest from the repository by tag

The following code snippet demonstrates how to fetch a manifest from the repository by its tag. First, the descriptor associated with the tag is resolved using [(*Repository) Resolve](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.Resolve). Then, the content is fetched and read using [FetchAll](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/content#FetchAll) from the [content](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/content) package. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```
// 5. Fetch the manifest from the repository by tag
desc, err = repo.Resolve(ctx, tag)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
fetchedManifestContent, err := content.FetchAll(ctx, repo, desc)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)

> }

Reviewer 4: This is technically correct for all targets. However, it is not the best practice for the best performance.

Since we are given the context of remote repository, consider [FetchReference](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry/remote#Repository.FetchReference).

Author: Consider using [FetchBytes](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2#FetchBytes) here instead

Author: Updated with [FetchBytes](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2#FetchBytes) here

fmt.Println(string(fetchedManifestContent))
```

## Parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers
The following code snippet demonstrates how to parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```
// 6. Parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers

> var manifest v1.Manifest

Reviewer 4: What's `v1`? It is new in this doc. You need to mention that we need a new import entry.

Reviewer 4: Also, it is better to name it `ocispec` instead of `v1`.

Reviewer 4: After adding the code, you should run `go mod tidy` again. It will mark the direct and indirect dependencies properly.

# Tutorial: Get started with oras-go v2

This tutorial introduces the basics of managing OCI artifacts with the [oras-go v2](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2) package.

You'll get the most out of this tutorial if you have a basic familiarity with Go and its tooling. If this is your first exposure to Go, please see [Tutorial: Get started with Go](https://golang.org/doc/tutorial/getting-started) for a quick introduction.

The tutorial includes the following sections:

1. Create a folder for your code.
2. Connect to a remote repository.
3. Show tags in the repository.
4. Push a layer to the repository.
5. Push a manifest to the repository.
6. Fetch the manifest from the repository.
7. Parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers.
8. Copy the artifact from the repository.

The complete code is provided at the end of this tutorial.

## Create a folder for your code

Open a command prompt and cd to your home directory.

On Linux or Mac:
```shell
cd
```
On Windows:

> ```

Author: used shell

The following code snippet demonstrates how to fetch a manifest from the repository by its tag. First, the descriptor associated with the tag is resolved using [(*Repository) Resolve](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.Resolve). Then, the content is fetched and read using [FetchAll](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/content#FetchAll) from the [content](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/content) package. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```
// 5. Fetch the manifest from the repository by tag
desc, err = repo.Resolve(ctx, tag)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
fetchedManifestContent, err := content.FetchAll(ctx, repo, desc)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
fmt.Println(string(fetchedManifestContent))
```

## Parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers
The following code snippet demonstrates how to parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```
// 6. Parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers
var manifest v1.Manifest
if err := json.Unmarshal(fetchedManifestContent, &manifest); err != nil {
	panic(err)
}

> layers := manifest.Layers
> for _, layer := range layers {

Reviewer 3: nit: Looks like this can be simplified a bit
```suggestion
for _, layer := range manifest.Layers {
```

# Tutorial: Get started with oras-go v2

This tutorial introduces the basics of managing OCI artifacts with the [oras-go v2](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2) package.

You'll get the most out of this tutorial if you have a basic familiarity with Go and its tooling. If this is your first exposure to Go, please see [Tutorial: Get started with Go](https://golang.org/doc/tutorial/getting-started) for a quick introduction.

The tutorial includes the following sections:

1. Create a folder for your code.
2. Connect to a remote repository.
3. Show tags in the repository.
4. Push a layer to the repository.
5. Push a manifest to the repository.
6. Fetch the manifest from the repository.
7. Parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers.
8. Copy the artifact from the repository.

The complete code is provided at the end of this tutorial.

## Create a folder for your code

Open a command prompt and cd to your home directory.

On Linux or Mac:

> ```

Reviewer 3: nit: consider using ```shell

}
```

### Run the code

At the command line, use [`go get`](https://golang.org/cmd/go/#hdr-Add_dependencies_to_current_module_and_install_them) to add the `oras.land/oras-go/v2` module as a dependency for your module. Use a dot argument to mean "get dependencies for code in the current directory."

```
go get .
go: added github.com/opencontainers/go-digest v1.0.0
go: added github.com/opencontainers/image-spec v1.1.0
go: added golang.org/x/sync v0.6.0
go: added oras.land/oras-go/v2 v2.5.0
```

Run the code.
```
go run .
```

You should see the tags in the repository.

## Push a layer to the repository

All referenced layers must exist in the repository before a manifest can be pushed. The following code snippet demonstrates how to push a manifest layer using the [(*Repository) Push](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2@v2.5.0/registry/remote#Repository.Push) method. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```
// 3. push a layer to the repository
layer := []byte("example manifest layer")
layerDescriptor := content.NewDescriptorFromBytes(v1.MediaTypeImageLayer, layer)
err = repo.Push(ctx, layerDescriptor, bytes.NewReader(layer))
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}

> fmt.Println("Pushed manifest layer")

Reviewer 3: nit: Should we print the digest of the layer?

```
// 5. Fetch the manifest from the repository by tag
desc, err = repo.Resolve(ctx, tag)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
rc, err := repo.Fetch(ctx, desc)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
defer rc.Close() // don't forget to close
fetchedManifestContent, err := content.ReadAll(rc, desc)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
fmt.Println(string(fetchedManifestContent))
```

## Parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers
The following code snippet demonstrates how to parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```
// 6. Parse the fetched manifest content and get the layers
var manifest v1.Manifest
if err := json.Unmarshal(fetchedManifestContent, &manifest); err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
layers := manifest.Layers
for _, layer := range layers {
	rc, err = repo.Fetch(ctx, layer)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}

> 	defer rc.Close() // don't forget to close

Author: Replaced `repo.Fetch` and reader with `content.FetchAll` to simplify the code.

	layerContent, err := content.ReadAll(rc, layer)
	if err != nil {
		panic(err)
	}
	fmt.Println(string(layerContent))
}
```

## Copy the artifact to local OCI layout directory from the repository

The following code snippet demonstrates how to copy an artifact from the repository by its tag and save it to the current directory in the [OCI layout](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/main/image-layout.md) format. The copy operation is performed using the [Copy](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2#Copy) function. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```

> // 7. Pull the manifest to local OCI layout directory with a tag "quickstartOCI"

Reviewer 3: nit: It'd be better to use "copy" instead of "pull"

ociDir, err := os.MkdirTemp(".", "oras_oci_example_*")
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
ociTarget, err := oci.New(ociDir)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
desc, err = oras.Copy(ctx, repo, tag, ociTarget, "quickstartOCI", oras.DefaultCopyOptions)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}

> fmt.Println(desc.Digest)

Reviewer 3: nit: Should we print a bit more message like "Copied <tag>, digest: <digest>"?

Author: The digest changes and `PackManifest` gives a different value for the "org.opencontainers.image.created" each time. It's better to not print the digest as it may be confusing to users that the digest is different from theirs.

	for _, tag := range tags {
		fmt.Println(tag)
	}
	return nil
})
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
```

### Run the code

Run `go mod tidy` to clean up dependencies.

```shell
go mod tidy
```

Run the code.
```shell
go run .
```

You should see the tags in the repository.

## Push a layer to the repository

All referenced layers must exist in the repository before a manifest can be pushed, so we need to push manifest layers before we can push a manifest. 

Add these two lines to the `import` block of `main.go`.

```go
ocispec "github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/specs-go/v1"
"oras.land/oras-go/v2"
```

The following code snippet demonstrates how to push a manifest layer with [PushBytes](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2#PushBytes). Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```go
// 3. push a layer to the repository
layer := []byte("example manifest layer")
layerDescriptor, err := oras.PushBytes(ctx, repo, ocispec.MediaTypeImageLayer, layer)
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
fmt.Println("Pushed manifest layer:", layerDescriptor.Digest)
```

### Run the code

Run `go mod tidy` to clean up dependencies.

```shell
go mod tidy
```

Run the code.
```shell
go run .

> ```

Author: I just feel like I don't need to repeatly have the `run the code` part for every section.

```

## Show tags in the repository
Add these two lines to the `import` block of `main.go`.

```go
"context"
"fmt"
```

The following code snippet uses the [(*Repository) Tags](https://pkg.go.dev/oras.land/oras-go/v2/registry/remote#Repository.Tags) method to list the tags in the repository. Paste the code into `main.go` after the last section.

```go
// 2. Show the tags in the repository
ctx := context.Background()
err = repo.Tags(ctx, "", func(tags []string) error {
	for _, tag := range tags {
		fmt.Println(tag)
	}
	return nil
})
if err != nil {
	panic(err)
}
```

### Run the code

Run `go mod tidy` to clean up dependencies.

```console
$ go mod tidy
```

Run the code.
```console

> $ go run .

Reviewer 4: For those, you can just use shell without `$ `.

Reviewer 4: as they are commands meant to be copied and pasted.
